# Strand-Braid

[![User's Guide](https://img.shields.io/badge/docs-User's%20Guide-blue.svg?logo=Gitbook)](https://strawlab.github.io/strand-braid/)

## Description

[Strand Camera](https://strawlab.org/strand-cam/) is low-latency camera
acquisition and tracking software. It is useful for 2D tracking of animals,
robots, or other moving objects. It also serves as the basis for 3D tracking
using Braid.

[Braid](https://strawlab.org/braid/) is multi-camera acquisition and tracking
software. It is useful for 3D tracking of animals, robots, or other moving
objects. It operates with low latency and is suitable for closed-loop
experimental systems such as [virtual reality for freely moving
animals](https://strawlab.org/freemovr/).

This repository is a mono repository that houses the source code for both pieces
of software as well as many other related pieces, mostly written as Rust crates.

Users, as opposed to developers, of this software should refer to the
[strand-braid-user directory](strand-braid-user) which contains user
documentation and scripts for interacting with the software and performing data
analysis.

## Documentation

* [User's Guide](https://strawlab.github.io/strand-braid/)

## License

This software is developed by Prof. Dr. Andrew Straw at the University of
Freiburg, Germany.

This open-source software is distributable under the terms of the Affero General
Public License v1.0 only. See [COPYRIGHT](COPYRIGHT) and
[LICENSE.txt](LICENSE.txt) for more details.

## Future license plans

We have a goal to release many of the generally useful crates under licenses
such as the MIT license, the Apache License (Version 2.0), and BSD-like
licenses. Please get in touch if there are specific pieces of code where this
would be helpful so we can judge interest and prioritize this.

## Contributions

Any kinds of contributions are welcome as a pull request.

Unless you explicitly state otherwise, any contribution intentionally submitted
for inclusion in this software by you, as defined in the Apache-2.0 license,
shall be dual licensed under the terms of the

 * Apache License, Version 2.0, ([LICENSE-APACHE](LICENSE-APACHE) or
   http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0)
 * MIT license ([LICENSE-MIT](LICENSE-MIT) or
   http://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)

without any additional terms or conditions. (This helps us realize the future
license plans as described above.)

## Code of conduct

Anyone who interacts with this software in any space, including but not limited
to this GitHub repository, must follow our [code of
conduct](code_of_conduct.md).
